Astro SDK overview documentation (#1048)
astronomer/docs: astro/astro-python-sdk.md

---
title: 'Write DAGs with the Astro Python SDK'
sidebar_label: 'Astro Python SDK'
id: astro-python-sdk
description: Learn how you can use the Astro SDK to manage database queries in Python.
---

The Astro Python SDK is an open source DAG development platform built and maintained by Astronomer. The purpose of the SDK is to abstract away Airflow's code-level configuration and let DAG authors focus on writing Python code.

The Astro SDK uses [decorators](https://realpython.com/primer-on-python-decorators/) and the TaskFlow API to extend the behaviors of your Python functions and properly configure them for use in Airflow. Specifically, the Astro SDK decorators remove the need to specify Xcoms, dependencies, and downstream database connections in your DAG.

## Use cases

You can use the SDK to write any ETL pipeline that you could typically run in Airflow. The Astro SDK is optimized for DAG authors who want to focus data transformations instead of Airflow configurations. Writing a DAG with the Astro SDK is more similar to writing a traditional Python script than it is to writing an Airflow DAG.

## Installation

> 1. Add the following line to the `requirements.txt` file of your Astro project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Astro Python SDK by adding the following to the `requirements.txt` file of your Astro project:
```

    ```text
    astro-sdk-python
    ```

> 2. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file of your Astro project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file of your Astro project:
```

    ```text
    AIRFLOW__CORE__ENABLE_XCOM_PICKLING=True

>     AIRFLOW__ASTRO_SDK__SQL_SCHEMA=<snowflake_schema>

Reviewer: Hm we don't have a Snowflake schema yet... should we remove this for now until we're talking about Snowflake specifically?

    ```

>     To use the Astro Python SDK on a Deployment, add these environment variables in your Deployment's configuration. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To deploy a pipeline written with the Astro Python SDK to a Deployment on Astro, add these environment variables in your Deployment's configuration. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).
```

## Available functions

> The Astro SDK includes task decorators for the most common actions you would want to complete in an ETL pipeline. Some of the key functions available are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Astro SDK includes task decorators for actions that are most commonly required for ETL pipelines:
```

These are all of them right?

- `load_file`: Loads a given file into a SQL table.
- `transform`: Applies a SQL select statement to a source table and saves the result to a destination table.
- `drop_table`: Drops a SQL table.

> - `run_raw_sql`: Runs any SQL statement without handling its output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `run_raw_sql`: Runs any SQL statement without handling its output.
```

> - `append`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, if there are no conflicts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `append`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, if there are no conflicts.
```

> - `merge`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, depending on conflicts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `merge`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, depending on conflicts.
```

- `export_file`: Exports SQL table rows into a destination file.

> - `dataframe`: Exports a specific SQL table into an in-memory Pandas data-frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dataframe`: Exports a specific SQL table into an in-memory Pandas DataFrame.
```

Think this is how it's spelled: https://realpython.com/pandas-dataframe/

    )
    homes_data2 = load_file(
        task_id="load_homes2",
        input_file=File(path="s3://airflow-kenten/homes2.csv", conn_id=AWS_CONN_ID),
        output_table=Table(name="HOMES2", conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID)
    )
    # Define task dependencies
    extracted_data = extract_data(
        homes1=homes_data1,
        homes2=homes_data2,
        output_table=Table(name="combined_homes_data"),
    )
    transformed_data = transform_data(
        df=extracted_data, output_table=Table(name="homes_data_long")
    )
    create_reporting_table = create_reporting_table(conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID)
    # Append transformed data to reporting table
    # Dependency is inferred by passing the previous `transformed_data` task to `source_table` param
    record_results = aql.append(
        source_table=transformed_data,
        target_table=Table(name="homes_reporting", conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID),
        columns=["sell", "list", "variable", "value"],
    )
    record_results.set_upstream(create_results_table)
example_s3_to_snowflake_etl_dag = example_s3_to_snowflake_etl()
```

This Astro SDK implementation is different from a standard TaskFlow implementation in the following ways:

> - You don't have to pass tables through XComs. All operations between different database types are handled automatically by the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You don't have to manually create temp tables and pass them through XComs. All operations between different database types are handled automatically by the SDK.
```

> - You don't have to define connections to your databases in each task. Tasks can automatically inherit connection information from `Tables`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You don't have to define connections to your databases in each task. Tasks automatically inherit connection information from `Tables`.
```

Author: I think we should leave this as "can", because you can definitely reconfigure the connection information manually if you want.

- You can run SQL queries directly without first defining them. The SDK includes decorators for common actions in SQL that you would otherwise have to write yourself.

## Related documentation

- [readthedocs.io](https://astro-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): Complete SDK documentation, including API and operator references.

> - [Astro Python SDK README](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk): Includes an overview of the SDK, a quickstart, and supported database types.

Reviewer: Let's add the webinar here: https://www.astronomer.io/events/recaps/the-astro-python-sdk/

The Astro SDK uses Python [decorators](https://realpython.com/primer-on-python-decorators/) and the TaskFlow API to simplify Python functions for common data orchestration use cases. Specifically, the Astro SDK decorators include eight python functions that make it easier to:

- Extract a file from a remote object store, such as Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS).
- Load that file to a new or existing table in a data warehouse, such as Snowflake.
- Transform the data in that file with SQL written by your team.

For extract, load, and transform (ELT) use cases, these functions significantly reduce the lines of code required. The Astro SDK is more similar to writing a traditional Python script than it is writing a data pipeline in Airflow.

## Installation

1. Install the Astro Python SDK package by adding the following line to the `requirements.txt` file of your Astro project:

    ```text
    astro-sdk-python
    ```

2. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file of your Astro project:

    ```text
    AIRFLOW__CORE__ENABLE_XCOM_PICKLING=True

>     ```

Reviewer 2: i think you usually need to specify a default schema for the SDK to write temp files to. Worth checking with #astro-sdk on their recommendation.

eg., 
```
export AIRFLOW__ASTRO_SDK__SQL_SCHEMA=<default-schema?>

    To deploy a pipeline written with the Astro Python SDK to Astro, add these environment variables in your Deployment configuration. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

## Available functions

The Astro SDK includes task decorators for actions that are most commonly required for ETL pipelines:

- `load_file`: Loads a given file into a SQL table.
- `transform`: Applies a SQL select statement to a source table and saves the result to a destination table.
- `drop_table`: Drops a SQL table.
- `run_raw_sql`: Runs any SQL statement without handling its output.
- `append`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, if there are no conflicts.
- `merge`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, depending on conflicts:
- `export_file`: Exports SQL table rows into a destination file.
- `dataframe`: Exports a specific SQL table into an in-memory pandas DataFrame.

> 

Reviewer 2: there's also the cleanup operator: https://astro-sdk-python.readthedocs.io/en/stable/astro/sql/operators/cleanup.html

## Example

The following DAG is a complete implementation of an ETL pipeline using the Astro Python SDK. In order, the DAG:

- Loads `.csv` files from GitHub into `Tables`, which are objects that contain all of the necessary functionality to pass database contexts between functions without reconfiguration.

> - Extracts the data from the files into a new temporary `Table` using `aql.transform`.

Reviewer 2: Please see my comment below on line 70. We're not really extracting data in line 70. Otherwise, this would be a "LET" pipeline, and that would be odd, AFAIK. 
```suggestion
- Merges the two `Table`s of home data using `aql.transform`.
```

> - Turns the temporary `Table` into a dataframe and melts the values using `aql.dataframe`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Turns the temporary `Table` into a dataframe and melts the values using `aql.dataframe`, returning the results as a `Table`
```

- Creates a new reporting table in Snowflake using `aql.run_raw_sql`.

> - Converts the dataframe back into a SQL table and appends it to the reporting table with `aql.append`.

Reviewer 2: the dataframe is converted to a table by the `@aql.dataframe` function already. 

```suggestion
- Appends our `Table` of transformed home data to a reporting table with `aql.append`.
```

```python
import os
from datetime import datetime
import pandas as pd
from airflow.decorators import dag
from astro.files import File
from astro import sql as aql
from astro.sql.table import Metadata, Table
SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID = "snowflake_conn"
AWS_CONN_ID = "aws_conn"
# The first transformation combines data from the two source tables
@aql.transform

> def extract_data(homes1: Table, homes2: Table):

Reviewer 2: This example leaves me a bit confused with the naming of the functions. We're doing a data transformation in a @aql.transform decorated function, but we're calling it `extract_data`.  Maybe call this `combine_tables` instead?

        homes2=homes_data2,
        output_table=Table(name="combined_homes_data"),
    )
    transformed_data = transform_data(
        df=extracted_data, output_table=Table(name="homes_data_long")
    )
    create_reporting_table = create_reporting_table(conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID)
    # Append transformed data to reporting table
    # Dependency is inferred by passing the previous `transformed_data` task to `source_table` param
    record_results = aql.append(
        source_table=transformed_data,
        target_table=Table(name="homes_reporting", conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID),
        columns=["sell", "list", "variable", "value"],
    )
    record_results.set_upstream(create_results_table)
example_s3_to_snowflake_etl_dag = example_s3_to_snowflake_etl()
```

This Astro SDK implementation is different from a standard TaskFlow implementation in the following ways:

- You don't have to manually create temp tables and pass them through XComs. All operations between different database types are handled automatically by the SDK.
- You don't have to define connections to your databases in each task. Tasks can automatically inherit connection information from `Tables`.

> - You can run SQL queries directly without first defining them. The SDK includes decorators for common actions in SQL that you would otherwise have to write yourself.

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit unclear as to how to interpret this bullet point. Surely you must define a SQL query in order to run it. I'm guessing the intention is that:
```suggestion
- You can run SQL queries directly without first defining them. The SDK includes decorators for common actions in SQL that you would otherwise have to write yourself.
```
You can run SQL queries without writing excessive glue code around them. The SDK decorators manage this extra code behind the scenes.

Author: Are functions like `merge` and `append` essentially SQL queries, or do they run something other than a query?

Author: What about "- You can run common SQL queries using Python alone. The SDK includes Python functions for some of the most common actions in SQL."

Reviewer 2: how about just: "The SDK includes Python functions for some of the most common actions in SQL, namely the `merge` and `append` SQL commands."

---
title: 'Write DAGs with the Astro Python SDK'
sidebar_label: 'Astro Python SDK'
id: astro-python-sdk

> description: Learn how you can manage database queries in Python using the Astro SDK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
description: Learn how you can use the Astro SDK to manage database queries in Python.
```

---

> The Astro Python SDK is an open source DAG development platform built and maintained by Astronomer. The purpose of the SDK is to abstract away Airflow's code-level configuration and let DAG authors focus on writing Python code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Astro Python SDK is an open source DAG development platform built and maintained by Astronomer. The purpose of the SDK is to remove Airflow code-level configuration and let DAG authors focus on writing Python code.
```

Author: I still like "abstract" instead of "remove", because the code isn't technically removed - it's just running in the background thanks to the SDK

Reviewer 3: @jwitz the meaning of _abstract_ is unclear and not simple English. Also, if you keep this term, you should remove _away_ and not use the possessive form of Airflow.  FYI - _remove_ is accepted as a synonym for _abstract_.

The Astro SDK uses [decorators](https://realpython.com/primer-on-python-decorators/) and the TaskFlow API to extend the behaviors of your Python functions and properly configure them for use in Airflow. Specifically, the Astro SDK decorators remove the need to specify Xcoms, dependencies, and downstream database connections in your DAG.

## Use cases

You can use the SDK to write any ETL pipeline that you could typically run in Airflow. The Astro SDK is optimized for DAG authors who want to focus data transformations instead of Airflow configurations. Writing a DAG with the Astro SDK is more similar to writing a traditional Python script than it is to writing an Airflow DAG.

## Installation

> To install the Astro Python SDK in a local environment:

Reviewer 3: Remove.

1. Add the following line to the `requirements.txt` file of your Astro project:

    ```text
    astro-sdk-python
    ```

2. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file of your Astro project

    ```text
    AIRFLOW__CORE__ENABLE_XCOM_PICKLING=True
    AIRFLOW__ASTRO_SDK__SQL_SCHEMA=<snowflake_schema>
    ```

    To use the Astro Python SDK on a Deployment, add these environment variables in your Deployment's configuration. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

## Available functions

The Astro SDK includes task decorators for the most common actions you would want to complete in an ETL pipeline. Some of the key functions available are:

- `load_file`: Loads a given file into a SQL table.
- `transform`: Applies a SQL select statement to a source table and saves the result to a destination table.
- `drop_table`: Drops a SQL table.

> - `run_raw_sql`: Run any SQL statement without handling its output

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `run_raw_sql`: Runs any SQL statement without handling its output
```

> - `append`: Insert rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, if there are no conflicts

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `append`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, if there are no conflicts
```

> - `merge`: Insert rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, depending on conflicts:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `merge`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, depending on conflicts:
```

> - `export_file`: Export SQL table rows into a destination file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `export_file`: Exports SQL table rows into a destination file.
```

> - `dataframe`: Export given SQL table into in-memory Pandas data-frame.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `dataframe`: Exports a specific SQL table into an in-memory Pandas data-frame.
```

## Example

The following DAG is a complete implementation of an ETL pipeline using the Astro Python SDK. In order, the DAG:

- Loads `.csv` files from GitHub into `Tables`, which are objects that contain all of the necessary functionality to pass database contexts between functions without reconfiguration.

> - Extract the data from the files into a new temporary `Table` using `aql.transform`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Extracts the data from the files into a new temporary `Table` using `aql.transform`.
```

> - Turn the temporary `Table` into a dataframe and melt the values using `aql.dataframe`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Turns the temporary `Table` into a dataframe and melts the values using `aql.dataframe`.
```
Is _melts_ correct here? Should it be _merges_?

Author: Melts is the correct term per https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.melt.html

> - Create a new reporting table in Snowflake using `aql.run_raw_sql`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Creates a new reporting table in Snowflake using `aql.run_raw_sql`.
```

> - Convert the dataframe back into a SQL table and append it to the reporting table with `aql.append`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Converts the dataframe into a SQL table and appends it to the reporting table with `aql.append`.
```

    )
    homes_data2 = load_file(
        task_id="load_homes2",
        input_file=File(path="s3://airflow-kenten/homes2.csv", conn_id=AWS_CONN_ID),
        output_table=Table(name="HOMES2", conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID)
    )
    # Define task dependencies
    extracted_data = extract_data(
        homes1=homes_data1,
        homes2=homes_data2,
        output_table=Table(name="combined_homes_data"),
    )
    transformed_data = transform_data(
        df=extracted_data, output_table=Table(name="homes_data_long")
    )
    create_reporting_table = create_reporting_table(conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID)
    # Append transformed data to reporting table
    # Dependency is inferred by passing the previous `transformed_data` task to `source_table` param
    record_results = aql.append(
        source_table=transformed_data,
        target_table=Table(name="homes_reporting", conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID),
        columns=["sell", "list", "variable", "value"],
    )
    record_results.set_upstream(create_results_table)
example_s3_to_snowflake_etl_dag = example_s3_to_snowflake_etl()
```

This Astro SDK implementation is different from a standard TaskFlow implementation in the following ways:

> - You don't have to pull in tables as XComs. All operations between different database types are handled automatically by the SDK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You don't have to add tables as XComs. All operations between different database types are handled automatically by the SDK.
```

> - You don't have to define connections top your databases in each task. Tasks can automatically inherit connection information from `Tables`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You don't have to define connections to your databases in each task. Tasks can automatically inherit connection information from `Tables`.
```

- You can run SQL queries directly without first defining them. The SDK includes decorators for common actions in SQL that you would otherwise have to write yourself.

> ## Documentation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Related documentation
```

> For more documentation about the Astro Python SDK, see:

Reviewer 3: Remove

---
title: 'Write DAGs with the Astro Python SDK'
sidebar_label: 'Astro Python SDK'
id: astro-python-sdk

> description: Learn how you can use the Astro SDK to manage database queries in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how you can use the Astro SDK to manage database queries in Python.
```

Not accurate/misleading here if you wanna change it up @jwitz

The Astro SDK uses Python [decorators](https://realpython.com/primer-on-python-decorators/) and the TaskFlow API to simplify Python functions for common data orchestration use cases. Specifically, the Astro SDK decorators include eight python functions that make it easier to:

- Extract a file from a remote object store, such as Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS).
- Load that file to a new or existing table in a data warehouse, such as Snowflake.
- Transform the data in that file with SQL written by your team.

For extract, load, and transform (ELT) use cases, these functions significantly reduce the lines of code required. The Astro SDK is more similar to writing a traditional Python script than it is writing a data pipeline in Airflow.

## Installation

1. Install the Astro Python SDK package by adding the following line to the `requirements.txt` file of your Astro project:

    ```text
    astro-sdk-python
    ```

2. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file of your Astro project:

    ```text
    AIRFLOW__CORE__ENABLE_XCOM_PICKLING=True
    export AIRFLOW__ASTRO_SDK__SQL_SCHEMA=<default-schema>
    ```

>     To deploy a pipeline written with the Astro Python SDK to Astro, add these environment variables in your Deployment configuration. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To deploy a pipeline written with the Astro Python SDK to Astro, add these environment variables in your Deployment configuration. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

:::info

The Astro Python SDK currently relies on [pickle](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pickle.html), which is a Python serialization module that transforms data into a portable format. A more secure way for the Astro SDK to serialize objects is coming soon.
```

Reviewer 4: Do we want to call out pickle as a security issue here? I thought there was some debate in the broader Airflow community on whether pickle was "okay" or not, but in any case, seems like we don't want to present it as a problem with how it is currently?

Author: Based on the discussion in [this thread](https://astronomer.slack.com/archives/C02B8SPT93K/p1662508941701609), it seems like pickling is top of mind for some customers. However, I'd prefer to keep this in a Considerations section at the top of the doc rather than surface it halfway through the setup

## Available functions

The Astro SDK includes task decorators for actions that are most commonly required for ETL pipelines:

- `load_file`: Loads a given file into a SQL table.
- `transform`: Applies a SQL select statement to a source table and saves the result to a destination table.
- `drop_table`: Drops a SQL table.
- `run_raw_sql`: Runs any SQL statement without handling its output.
- `append`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, if there are no conflicts.

> - `merge`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, depending on conflicts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `merge`: Inserts rows from the source SQL table into the destination SQL table, if there are no conflicts.
```

- `export_file`: Exports SQL table rows into a destination file.
- `dataframe`: Exports a specific SQL table into an in-memory pandas DataFrame.
- `cleanup`: Cleans up temporary tables created in your pipeline.

## Example

The following DAG is a complete implementation of an ETL pipeline using the Astro Python SDK. In order, the DAG:

> - Loads `.csv` files from GitHub into `Tables`, which are objects that contain all of the necessary functionality to pass database contexts between functions without reconfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Loads `.csv` files from Amazon S3 into two tables that contain data about the housing market. Tables are objects that contain all of the necessary functionality to pass database contexts between functions without reconfiguration.
```

> - Combines the two `Tables` of home data using `aql.transform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Combines the two tables of home data using `aql.transform` into one table called `combined_homes_data`.
```

Do we have to use `Tables` or can we just say "table"?

Reviewer 4: From a language perspective you could go either way, but because `Table` is a frequently used object in SDK DAGs I think using `Tables` reinforces how the SDK works. Just a minor preference though, willing to be overruled here.

Author: Yeah this is a tricky edge case, because a `Table` is a code object in the Python SDK that represents more than just a normal table. I think some of these references can be decapitalized though, like in this bullet point where the tables are not yet turned into `Tables` proper.

> - Turns the temporary `Table` into a dataframe, melts the values using `aql.dataframe`, and returns the results as a `Table`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Turns the temporary table into a dataframe, melts the values using `aql.dataframe`, and returns the results as a `Table`.
```

> - Creates a new reporting table in Snowflake using `aql.run_raw_sql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates a new table called `homes_reporting` in Snowflake using `aql.run_raw_sql`.
```

> - Appends the `Table` of transformed home data to a reporting table with `aql.append`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Appends the table of transformed home data to a reporting table called `homes_reporting` with `aql.append`.
```

    )
    homes_data2 = load_file(
        task_id="load_homes2",
        input_file=File(path="s3://airflow-kenten/homes2.csv", conn_id=AWS_CONN_ID),
        output_table=Table(name="HOMES2", conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID)
    )
    # Define task dependencies
    extracted_data = combine_tables(
        homes1=homes_data1,
        homes2=homes_data2,
        output_table=Table(name="combined_homes_data"),
    )
    transformed_data = transform_data(
        df=extracted_data, output_table=Table(name="homes_data_long")
    )
    create_reporting_table = create_reporting_table(conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID)
    # Append transformed data to reporting table
    # Dependency is inferred by passing the previous `transformed_data` task to `source_table` param
    record_results = aql.append(
        source_table=transformed_data,
        target_table=Table(name="homes_reporting", conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID),
        columns=["sell", "list", "variable", "value"],
    )
    record_results.set_upstream(create_results_table)
example_s3_to_snowflake_etl_dag = example_s3_to_snowflake_etl()
```

This Astro SDK implementation is different from a standard TaskFlow implementation in the following ways:

> - You don't have to manually create temp tables and pass them through XComs. All operations between different database types are handled automatically by the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You don't have to manually create temporary tables and pass them through XComs. All operations between different database types are handled automatically by the SDK.
```

> - You don't have to define connections to your databases in each task. Tasks can automatically inherit connection information from `Tables`.

Reviewer: I may be wrong here about how we should be using `Table` -- feel free to correct me above

- You can run common SQL queries using Python alone. The SDK includes Python functions for some of the most common actions in SQL.

## Related documentation

- [Write a DAG with the Astro Python SDK](https://docs.astronomer.io/tutorials/astro-python-sdk): A step-by-step tutorial for setting up Airflow and running an ETL pipeline using the Astro Python SDK.
- [readthedocs.io](https://astro-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): Complete SDK documentation, including API and operator references.

> - [Astro Python SDK README](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk): Includes an overview of the SDK, a quickstart, and supported database types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Astro Python SDK README](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk): The source code for the Astro Python SDK in GitHub. The SDK is open source and contributions are welcome.
```

I think let's frame the repo as source code versus where you would go for "quickstart" or "overview" (which should be these docs)

    )
    # Define task dependencies
    extracted_data = combine_tables(
        homes1=homes_data1,
        homes2=homes_data2,
        output_table=Table(name="combined_homes_data"),
    )
    transformed_data = transform_data(
        df=extracted_data, output_table=Table(name="homes_data_long")
    )
    create_reporting_table = create_reporting_table(conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID)
    # Append transformed data to reporting table
    # Dependency is inferred by passing the previous `transformed_data` task to `source_table` param
    record_results = aql.append(
        source_table=transformed_data,
        target_table=Table(name="homes_reporting", conn_id=SNOWFLAKE_CONN_ID),
        columns=["sell", "list", "variable", "value"],
    )
    record_results.set_upstream(create_results_table)
example_s3_to_snowflake_etl_dag = example_s3_to_snowflake_etl()
```

This Astro SDK implementation is different from a standard TaskFlow implementation in the following ways:

- You don't have to manually create temporary tables and pass them through XComs. All operations between different database types are handled automatically by the SDK.

> - You don't have to define connections to your databases in each task. Tasks can automatically inherit connection information from `Table` objects.

Reviewer 2: "inherit" seems like a very precise word in the parlance of software engineers. Namely, referring to classes inheriting from each other like in https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_inheritance.asp. s/inherit/infer?
